# Notes on running GFAM
## Important parameters
### Extracting frames from videos or continuous photo mode?
Extracting more frames will lead to better reconstructions, but they will be more resource intensive to create. There is a continuous photo mode available on GoPro cameras that can take N photos per second, differing between cameras. It's worth considering that mode instead of using GFAM if not so many images are needed.
### Elevation rescaling
In my experience the horizontal accuracy in a forested environment is approximately ± 50m, but the vertical accuracy is ± 100m. I recommend opening the GPS telemetry to investigate its quality (found in `gfam_outputs\telem\GPS.csv`). If you find that the noise is greater than the true change in elevation, I recommend enabling the elevation rescaling. Even if it's not geographically accurate, it resolves the relative errors in height, which will lead to a more stable reconstruction. The mean value is sufficient if the area is relatively flat (total change in elevation within 1-3 meters.) If there is a significant change in height, and the telemetry picks it up, you can try providing the min and max values. In either case, the primary advantage of this setting is decreasing the z error to something more managable in your SfM software.
### Orientation data
Without a magnetometer, there is limited utility in the orientation data. I recommend starting without this enabled. The roll and pitch data is reliable because it's informed by the gravitometer, but the yaw is not. In the case of RealityCapture, GFAM only exports the gravity vector. It is possible to assign roll, pitch, and yaw in RealityCapture by using the flight log feature. In the case of Pix4D, GFAM exports several telemetry files. The code will assign the roll, pitch, yaw using the gyroscope data, with the assumption they will be assigned low confidence. GFAM also exports the image orientation quaternions, which are the most accurate description of orientation. There's not currently a setting to use those for tags instead of the gyroscope, but they are available for you if you can take advantage of them.